Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
- How was your flight?
- Fine. thanks.
- Do you know the House?
- No. it's my first time.
Just follow me.
It's easy for newcomers to get lost.
These are the salons.
where we greet clients and do fittings.
The workshops are upstairs.
- This is Tim.
Hello.
Maxine Walker.
He'll interview you
for our social media.
You're wearing that?
Don't worry. go in tight.
- All right. Tim?
- Perfect.
- Follow me.
- Okay.
Have a seat.
Can you introduce yourself?
For a sound check.
My name is Maxine Walker.
Very good.
Glad to be in Paris for Fashion Week?
Yes. very happy.
You speak good French.
A little. my mother was French.
That explains it. Let's begin.
Hello. Maxine. You're directing the film
that opens our show.
How did you end up
becoming this show's guest artist?
I did a vampire film
that the artistic director liked.
She contacted me.
A vampire film.
With a female vampire... why?
Why not?
A female vampire avenges the violence
against women in horror movies.
Does fashion inspire you?
I was asked to participate.
and I was surprised.
Why surprised?
My background is in...
I've never worked in these conditions.
I feel very lucky.
What does fashion mean to you
in two words?
Two words?
Useless and necessary.
Useless and necessary. Okay.
Take it. we got what we need.
It's a short format.
It was great. thanks.
Excuse me.
That's beautiful.
What are you doing?
This dress opens the show.
I'm so behind. I have tons to do.
The sleeves. the back...
It's my first dress on my own.
It has my name. "Christine".
- You okay?
- Yeah.
This finger means "change".
It's a good omen.
Maxine. here you are.
We were looking all over.
Come and join the crew.
Welcome. how are you?
- Hello.
Had a safe trip?
- Yes. thanks.
We're so glad to have you!
You know Anton?
You've already worked together?
Yes. we've been on this for weeks.
- And he's shooting my next film.
- Excellent.
We were looking at your latest changes.
They're great.
You know. it's house policy
to respect the artists' work.
To give you utmost freedom.
But we're just wondering...
This scream at the end.
We're not sure of it.
It's a shout of rage. of liberation.
It's a gothic film.
Well. we adore gothic.
But there's a lot of blood. right?
She can scream but not bite anyone.
Maybe.
And aren't the pointy teeth a bit...
a bit over the top?
We can reduce the size of the teeth
in VFX.
I mean. it's not a little...
I'll stop bothering you. I'll go now.
Thanks. Christophe.
- Where are you now?
- Nairobi.
You're not South Sudanese?
I was born in Juba.
but we moved to Kenya
because of the war.
Has modeling always been your dream?
You're hesitating.
- No.
How were you discovered?
In the end. I figured: why not?
Can I have your passport?
Here.
- Thanks.
I scheduled you a photo shoot
with an Italian photographer tomorrow.
A little test so you can practice.
We want you fresh for the show.
You're a new face.
We're investing in you.
betting on you.
- Betting on me?
- That's right.
You have something people want.
Let me explain.
You have two gigs.
You'll act in the pre-show film.
with that director...
What's her name?
Anyway. I forgot it.
Then the show.
177 and a half.
75 for the bust.
We're at 85 with the jeans.
so say 84.
84.
We're at 30.
The wrists... 15 for the right.
Perfect... 15 too.
15 left... 15. 15.
- You got it all?
- Yep.
Does your phone work here?
No. I can't get reception.
Well. we must be able to reach you.
Check it often. and also before bed.
There can be last-minute changes.
Can you walk?
The shoulders don't move.
They don't move. You simply
turn around and look forward.
Look straight ahead. always.
Can you try again?
Go on.
Look ahead. not at your feet.
Walk in a straight line.
Follow my hand. don't look at me.
Not at me. at my hand.
I won't be there for the show.
We'll try once more.
Keys to the apartment.
And keep the shoes to practice.
You'll be okay?
The person you are trying to reach
is not available.
How are you?
Good.
Why are you whispering. Mom?
Your father's nearby.
Wait. I'll leave the room.
Are you in your apartment?
Yes I am.
Have you made new friends there?
I have a Chinese friend.
It's great.
You already made a Chinese friend.
You're very lucky.
You've always been lucky.
You travel to Paris.
you have a Chinese friend.
and I'm sure you'll meet lots of people.
Thanks.
Mom. I think this fashion thing
is too hard for me.
What's the problem?
These people.
it's like they find me ugly...
That's not true.
That's not true. child.
No one can say you're not beautiful.
You are tall.
And you are kind to people.
But you can't come back.
You must stay there.
Your little brother is here.
He wants to talk to you.
What's up. Ada?
Do you miss me already?
Whatever!
When are you coming home?
Depends on how things go here.
You should never have left.
Come on. you're talking nonsense.
You annoy me.
This morning was tough.
I heard explosions.
but I think they were far away.
Don't worry. I'm fine.
My love. I know you won't listen to me.
but please...
stay behind closed doors.
please keep safe.
I love you.
Hi. brother...
Even if you don't deserve it.
here's where I am.
Paris. bro!
Ok. come on. Ada.
Come. Ada.
Now look at me.
Why so uptight?
She's opening the show?
Maybe put on some music
so she can relax.
Let's do that.
A little more this way.
Relax. life is beautiful!
Her legs are too shiny!
Angèle. where are you?
You can go.
You're okay? Not too cold?
I'm sorry.
Don't worry. I'll clean it up.
May I?
Your legs weren't done right.
They used the wrong shade.
Let's go to makeup.
Sorry. we need 10 minutes.
How old are you?
18.
- You just got here?
- Yes.
I can tell.
Do you prefer French or English?
French a little.
Don't worry. we'll get by.
I'll be with you for a few days.
I saw you earlier.
You need to lift your chin
and put your shoulders back.
just a little.
That's perfect.
Give me a sec.
I tried to reach you...
Paracetamol?
What?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I worked till 3 a.m..
never got paid.
and now you cancel last minute?
That's so not cool.
Just forget it. sure.
Sorry.
You're all set.
You can go.
Remember to breathe.
Breathing can come in handy.
Thanks.
I'll be right out.
Can I stay? I have a show in an hour.
No problem. as long as you want.
I'm in no rush.
Thanks.
Hello. how are you?
- Good and you?
I was wondering
if you had anything for me.
I have a job. Last minute.
A shoot with a German photographer.
Well paid.
Great. because I just got screwed over.
You're sure of this?
Don't worry. It's legit. a serious job.
Great. you can count on me.
Send the address?
Give me your foot.
Does it hurt?
- A little.
Why do that?
Think I don't notice?
What?
When you shit-talk me?
Not my fault you work too fast!
- I speak my mind.
- You're just a rat.
Done with your drama?
Can we work?
Paranoid!
Sorry. I have to go.
I said no overtime.
I have an appointment.
I need to take this.
Be right back.
All right.
Hello?
Sorry I'm late.
No problem.
Were you able to read what I sent?
Yes. I was. and it's not too bad.
I'm not so sure of the title.
The title?
All in good time.
There's work to do in the meantime.
So...
What's the story?
It's just the life of a makeup artist?
Right?
Not just that.
It's more about the people she meets.
the people she makes up.
Questions she asks about their lives.
Stuff like that.
Yeah. sure. So...
There are situations I don't believe.
Situations that simply aren't credible.
Yet they're real.
They're real-life encounters.
But just because they're real.
doesn't make them interesting.
It's normal it's difficult for you
if you work on the side.
You've never written before.
It's not easy to start...
To really start. I mean.
I'll email you my comments.
You can pay by check or credit card.
Or a bank transfer.
Do you have my IBAN?
Thanks a lot.
Hey you...
I wanted to write about real things.
To put them down
before they disappear.
One season after another.
One collection after another.
Ada had a shawl in her bag.
She sewed it for nights on end
with her mother.
Her good-luck charm.
She'd fled the war.
We can stop the snow.
- Where is Ada?
- There. just behind.
- Anton?
- Yes?
First positions!
We shoot once Ada's ready.
We're all set.
Why is it blue now?
Positions. please.
Roll sound.
Sound is now rolling.
Silence.
Camera rolling.
Silence. camera's rolling!
Action!
Cut!
We cut. thank you.
Hello.
This is Dr. Hansen's secretary.
The doctor can see you today at 5 pm.
5 pm?
I'll be busy working.
He's squeezing you in.
You can't push it off.
even just a little?
He's going out of his way.
you understand?
Yes. I understand.
It's the best I can do.
or else in 6 months.
Thank you. I'll be there.
So we'll see you then. ma'am.
Mrs. Walker?
This way. please.
Hello. Dr. Hansen.
Have a seat.
- We can speak English if you want.
- It's fine.
Maxine Walker.
born January 10. 1978
in Los Angeles. right?
Have you had health issues
in the past?
Undergone any surgery?
Nothing serious.
Do you have any children?
- Yes. a 15-year-old daughter.
- All right.
So. Dr. Kasinski sent me your exams.
So. you'll require surgery.
I cannot promise
we'll be able to keep your breast.
but we'll certainly try to.
What do you mean?
Why surgery?
I don't understand.
I'm telling you what I see.
You're young. You have cancer.
We must act quickly.
What did your doctor say?
I feel fine.
I was sure he'd told you.
Because you do have cancer.
Look. here.
These two dark spots.
There are micro-calcifications.
Here. here...
He didn't explain the diagnosis?
He didn't tell you?
Maybe he was afraid
to say it over the phone.
In any case.
any other doctor will recommend
a full mastectomy.
But I don't share that opinion.
I prefer to save the breast
whenever possible.
Do you understand?
Look. let me show you.
The area of the cancer we'll remove...
See?
...consists of these two lesions here.
while of course.
preserving
the surrounding healthy tissue.
So... it won't be easy.
But I think I can do it.
If you agree. I can commit to operate
in four or five days.
But I'd perfectly understand
if you prefer to undergo surgery
in Los Angeles.
Do you understand?
We're looking at the last take.
The brand director already came by.
Christine. lunch?
I'm too busy.
Careful with the pins.
Christine. the bust is way too large.
What happened?
I don't understand.
This won't do.
Start over along the hem.
Put in the time you need.
I relied on the measurements.
Yes. but all this must be taken in.
Careful.
I'm so sorry.
I'm glad. You made the right decision.
I think I trust you.
In here.
I'll take it at 12 here.
Hello. Olivier. I hope you're well.
I'm referring a patient to you.
Maxine Walker.
for additional imaging.
She's diagnosed
with invasive ductal carcinoma
with extensive CCIS.
Very fine skin.
85C.
I've discovered
a keloid on her arm
which may suggest difficulty in healing.
Thanks for your help.
I'll be operating soon
and will keep you informed.
End it with the usual formula.
Yours truly. Laurent Hansen.
And send it ASAP.
Thank you.
Don't worry.
We'll see you through this.
I'll meet you upstairs.
We need to do an MRI.
To make sure
the lymph nodes aren't affected.
If they are affected.
it would mean the cancer has spread
elsewhere in the body.
But 70% of the time. it's negative.
And if it is. then there's no problem.
There will be no problem.
You mustn't lose this.
It's your medical ID.
We'll call you
once we have the results.
Now do you hear me better?
The graphist can't integrate the wolf.
It's the wrong angle.
Really? I think it can work.
He tried 5 times.
It really doesn't work.
Is there another shot
we can try with?
I'm sorry.
I have bad reception.
We won't give up.
Mrs. Walker?
That's me.
Shall we go?
I'll inject the contrasting agent
for the MRI.
You may feel some warmth.
Maxine. how are you?
We're sitting in back.
What happened?
I heard you left the shoot.
Just for an hour.
Are you satisfied?
You got the images you need?
Yes. and you?
I am. but I'm asking where you were.
Yes. of course.
What will you have?
You okay?
- Yes.
A life comes and goes
And my friend the rose
Told me so this morn
I was born at dawn
Baptized in the dew
I flowered and I grew
Amorous and anew
In the sun's warm light
At night I felt the cold
And I woke up old
I was in beauty's thrall
The most beautiful of all
Flowers from your garden
A life comes and goes
And my friend the rose
Told me so this morn
The Lord who made me so
Makes me bow down so low
And now I'm falling down
Yes. I'm falling down
My heart has turned to brown
I've one foot in the grave
And I'm fading away
You loved me yesterday
To dust I've fallen prey
Forever tomorrow
A life comes and goes
And my friend the rose
Died this morn
Last night the moon
Watched over my friend
And in my dream I saw
Dazzling and nude
Her dancing soul
Far beyond the clouds
And she smiled at me
Believe to help you cope
I myself need hope
Or I am nothing
Their bodies flail
like butterflies caught in light.
Each one a comet
pursuing her trajectory.
But they all see their youth
burning in the night.
They had to be fleeting images.
bodies without words.
But I knew they all wanted
to scream one day.
Like me.
Lily-Rose!
Hey. how are you?
- It's been ages.
Good to see you.
What you doing?
Making up an American actor
for tonight's show.
- See you.
- Kisses.
I don't deal with style in the book.
I say things as they come to me.
Like this gesture.
As things attack me. as they blind me.
People who expect help in writing...
Waiting to have time. peace and quiet...
A house. calm.
It's not true.
They can write anywhere.
You can write anywhere.
They're not writers.
I know that when you don't write.
well. you don't write.
Want something to drink?
I have Coke. some fruit juice...
- Water.
- Water?
Is it that serious?
The news is not good. Mrs. Walker.
The results are not what we expected.
The MRI revealed
some suspicious lymph nodes.
We think it's better to undergo
chemotherapy.
Chemotherapy?
Yes. chemo is necessary.
The cancer is too aggressive.
More aggressive than we thought.
But I'm obligated to ask if you have
any professional projects
for the next months.
Yes...
I have to shoot my next film.
Well. let me explain...
You'll have to put your work on hold
for some time.
I can't.
I'm saying to put your work life on hold
to focus on yourself.
It's necessary for your chemotherapy.
You're the one who doesn't understand.
Mrs. Walker.
What we want
is for you to keep on working.
To keep on making films.
Not everyone is as lucky as you are.
For some patients.
it's too late to play this card.
I can start it just after the shoot.
Just afterwards!
That's not how it works.
There's no time to lose.
I realize
that chemotherapy has drawbacks.
But trust me.
it beats a metastasis in the brain.
So yes. you'll lose your hair.
My advice is to cut it off
before treatment starts.
It's better than seeing clumps fall out.
With chemotherapy.
radiation. and hormone therapy.
you increase to 80%
your chances of survival in five years.
I have news for you.
We're all going to die.
You must start treatment.
You must.
Have you spoken to your daughter?
You must tell her.
- What are you doing?
- Sewing a hair into it.
For good luck.
- We have to deliver it soon.
If you want. I can slow it down.
Like this.
What do you think?
Maxine. what do you think?
- What?
- You like it slower?
We have to finish it fast.
I can slow it down. but...
All well?
- Fine.
We have to run the tests.
The show starts in 3 hours.
Camera 3. pull out from the start.
I want camera 2 much tighter.
Do a split screen with 4 and 5.
We're shooting the guests arriving.
Give me camera 6 on standby.
- Suzy Menkes.
- The English reporter.
The show's moved up due to the rain.
We start in one hour.
Camera assistants.
protect the cameras from the rain.
Is there a dresser free?
A dresser!
Hey! What's up brother?
All good. how about you?
I'm good.
Why are you calling?
Mom got the money.
Okay.
So. you won't come back
after the show?
I can't talk now.
I'm getting ready for the show.
You're not coming back?
I'll be coming back. relax.
How will I get by without you?
I'll be back.
I miss you.
Let's go. time to go.
Please. we're starting!
Don't worry. it'll be fine.
It all started then.
With the hurricane.
We saw the sky grow darker.
Next we saw satellites catch fire.
One after another.
crashing into ocean depths.
Everything went up in flames.
like torches
in a huge bonfire.
In Maxine's mind.
hurricane names 'whiz by.
Katrina.
Carol.
Erika.
Wilma.
Allison.
Irma.
Ophelia.
One lingered in her head.
that of her daughter: Eden.
Eden.
For Ada. the storm presaged
the start of a new life.
She was no longer scared.
Maxine considered
the life she'd lived till now.
She now knew
her life was hanging by a thread.
She wonders if one day
she will grow old.
If she will experience that.
Excuse me. where are the hair clippers?
End of the aisle.
- Thanks a lot.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org